Welcome back.
We're going to answer a question that's kind of simple kind of not depending on your situation.
But I do get asked this question and lossa I want to cover it.
Where to find the jobs.
Now as an engineer as a programmer as a developer we have the skills that are quite in demand.
Most of the time you're not going to find difficulty or it won't be very difficult for you to actually
find companies that hire for your skill sets.
The good news is that the better you get are programming the better you become at engineering.
Well the more doors open up for you.
So that's the good news.
You can always improve your skills.
And we have a highly in-demand skill that allows us a lot of freedom.
So when it comes to where to find the jobs there is a ton of resources out there.
But I'm going to show you my favorite ones that I think are worth your time because again there's so
many options you want to focus on quality over quantity.
Let's have a look.
The first one is Linked-In and it's something we've already talked about but I really do think it's
a great option that if this is available to you in your location then you should be using it 100 percent.
Another place that I like is Hacker News.
So Hacker News a lot of engineers and programmers hang out there and they actually do a monthly who
is hiring.
S. You can see over here when I'm recording this video that they have who is hiring and it shows you
all the companies or people comment with companies that are currently hiring right now again really
really good if you're interested especially startups they sometimes have remote jobs as well which is
really good.
Another great resource if you're specifically looking for startups than Angel list is probably the best
place to go.
So signing up for Angel list creating a profile and finding a job you can work for some of the hottest
startups right now.
If you're looking for remote jobs again I'm going to leave a few more resources after this video but
this is one of my favorite Web sites.
If you want to look for remote jobs again they're becoming more and more common that no matter where
you are in the world as long as you have an Internet connection you can be a developer or programmer
an engineer and work from a company that's thousands of kilometers away.
And I have more and more friends that work remotely as programmers now because more companies are becoming
used to the idea of having remote workers.
Another interesting way to apply for jobs are companies like hired triple bites or white truffle.
They all have pretty cool sounding names except for hired That's pretty generic.
But what they do here is they actually have companies reaching out to them to hire good developers.
So you would take some sort of a quiz a coding quiz with them.
They give you some sort of a rank and they create a profile for you so that companies reach out to them
and look at your score and hopefully hire you.
I'm not the biggest fan of these because it does take a bit of time to take these quizzes.
I like being direct and picking the companies that you want to apply for but they do have some pretty
respectable companies that use some of these Web sites to hire people.
Then there's also meet ups again going to your local meet ups for a specific technology that you're
working with is a great way to network meet people from other companies and potentially see which companies
are hiring.
I personally am not a big fan or networking doesn't seem genuine and kind of seems like I'm faking relationship
but for other people it works really really well.
Again a great way to find people connect with them and especially get referrals.
Finally one of my favorite ways is to do this type of search on Google you see over here I have site
nonstate site Linked-In dot com so search Linked-In dot com and then search for Facebook recruiter if
I want to apply at Facebook.
Well I see over here Colleen Dunn and Juliana are regional recruiters recruiter at Facebook University
recruiter and I can't find specific people that I want to get in touch with.
If I want to work at something like Facebook and I can obviously change this to whatever I want.
And that's a great way to target your approach.
Because remember Job hunting is a numbers game.
A 2 percent chance of getting an interview means all you need to do is apply to 50 places to get an
interview or something along those lines.
You just want to increase your percentage your odds of getting that interview.
Keep that in mind just applying to companies blindly is not a good idea.
I mean you will get interviews but it's not very efficient.
If you have companies you love or you want to work for a specific company sometimes targeting your approach
and focusing in on that company is a lot better more efficient way of spending your time.
Hopefully this was useful.
I'm going to list a bunch of these resources that I showed you and a few others in the next lesson and
I'll see in the next video Buh-Bye.